All right welcome back my students so you have the option to use BHB thinker if you want to in this
lectures is going to be basically the same.
The reason why I'm using routes is because I want to I want you to have like a better visual of what
you're doing.
And I also want you to have this file just in case you say Edwin.
Do we have the routes father we were working with in this section.
Going I say yeah I do.
Here's the file you know that's why I'm doing this.
Are you going keep some information now.
I don't want you to be lazy and not write it because I'm going to give you this file.
I might change my mind.
I give you this file.
So always write everything down with me.
I want you to learn this stuff really well.
But anyway let's go to Ross real quick.
I'm going to create a different route because we're going to be creating information related information
related modern information data.
All right.
So let's make this first parameter for insert data second primaries the closure function.
Whoops.
All right.
So what do we want to do first.
Well the first thing is to find the user right.
And then we find the relationship and then save it.
So how do we find the user was the first thing that we have to put here every time we're dealing with
a model we need to put our database right.
So it's going to be the user model.
It's a static and not faint or find it's find one.
Boy but we're going to do this.
We're going to start using this one just in case.
So that way we can get some feedback on on that perception.
If we have a user or not so fine or fail.
Now remember that we have to add in poor model so that we can use the app backslash Auray user semi-colon
.
We could add it would be H-P storm here.
We get a little Leibel when we put a mossel like this or cursor.
All right so once we have the user Let's enter data.
So that's pretty cool.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you a really cool way of doing this.
I'm going to save the address in an array.
Well I got to instantiate an object from the address model from the Odgers model and then put the data
in there and then use it and then use the relationship to save it.
Watch.
Watch this.
It's going to be pretty cool.
So we're going to instantiate this object and it's going to be address.
And then remember when we do and we were dealing with instances we don't need to use static anywhere
.
So let's import the address models.
Well all right.
There we go.
So that's a nice to see this is we were instantiating this if you don't know what this is.
You need to go back and take my Ph.D. O.P. class or write about objects and stuff like that.
So we're going to put in a range say here because this is going to be an associate of data right.
We need we have columns and values right.
So the name of this field in the database is name and we're going to name this.
We're going to give the address name right.
All right so one two three four.
Houston I think this is how you're right.
Houston Avenue New York New York 112.
I don't know.
OK.
So now that we have this new object here created with information already that's why we use it in parenthesis
for we have all this information here.
Right now we can go ahead and say oh we're right.
I want the user to grab each method address.
And in this case we do need to put the parentheses to use that method and we and I do this safe and
what are we going to save.
We're going to save this new address
enter.
And now these methods safe is going to take an instance.
OK.
So make sure that you know that if you're using creator of these a different story but this save is
going to take an instance when you are using it like this.
All right cool.
So I think he's ready.
I don't see anything that we're forgetting hopefully we forget something so that way we debug it.
And you know I love to the book guys.
If you ever taken one of my courses so insert enter.
Yes yes yes yes.
All right cool.
The reason why this is not work is because we don't even have a user in our database where as a matter
of fact we don't have any data right.
So in our database or table guys come on.
I tell you already did that.
You didn't even let me know.
All right that's cool.
That's OK.
This is quick.
Let's put a user win.
Yes.
All right coring faculty that come back.
Well one two three.
You never want to do that of course.
GUYS PLEASE NO BULL 2:59 in our life server.
All right so that's going to be using number one.
And you see why we put the nullable there.
That way we didn't put our user ID there.
Actually no this is just another one that they use are these.
This one if we were inserting data into the addresses here addresses table doing through doing it through
B-tree my admin in willing would then put the user id we would have a problem but since we did it we're
going to do it through here with a relationship.
We're not going to have a problem.
All right.
Now don't get me wrong.
Peachtree in Miami will let you put it but it will give you a big warning here telling you that you
didn't put it there.
All right so now let's try this again.
Enter.
All right.
Structure is a name is a Master Simon.
So he's giving us a month's assignment because we're trying to put data that Lara has not giving us
permission that's good that he gave us that error because now we have to go back to our motto address
and tell Larabee listen I need you to allow the name field and this is how we do it.
Remember that cool name.
So you go to the model that has given you the bat the math assignment guys are not going to always explain
this much anymore because this is the beginning of relationships.
But later on I'm not going to be explaining this much.
So we get a math assignment.
All right.
And we know because we have these name feel there and does the only name fuel we got besides.
Well we have the name fuel for usable We know we training or the data they address right.
All right.
So let's try this again now insert.
Oh word word guys really good job.
Really good job if you work for you.
All right.
Cool.
So let's go to addresses and as you can see we have a new address with it created.
Oh they did that.
And guess what.
The user id beautiful.
We can however create another one real quick.
Let's put some other dressier and I don't know I'm just going to put a crazy address there for the same
user.
All right so let's go and create one on insert.
Enter refresh while the user id one ID of that address too.
So another user has two addresses of course we don't one there I would want to use it to keep having
different addresses.
You only has one entry.
We want to limit that to one address right.
So we're not going to have to execute this function more than one time.
OK.
And we can put a condition on your application for that but we're not going to get into that right now
.
So anyway now you know how to do this.
And on the next lecture we'll find a way to update in the lead.
Right.
So the next lectures we're going to do that.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture is